Description: What’s red and smells like blue paint?
Hint: Not Blood; Red *****	
Solution: Red Paint.
Description: What do you call an alligator in a vest?	
Hint: Crime Solver	
Solution: An investigator.
Description: How does Moses make his tea?	
Hint: 58th book of the Bible, 19th book of the New Testament	
Solution: Hebrews it.
Description: What’s the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer?	
Hint: One of the five senses	
Solution: The taste.
Description: How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh?	
Hint: hexagon, heptagon, octagon, nonagon,****gon.	
Solution: Ten tickles
Description: What do you get when you cross a caterpillar and a parrot?	
Hint: You put this device to your head and say “10-4” and/or “Roger that”	
Solution: A walkie talkie.
Description: What room do ghosts avoid?	
Hint: Not the bedroom, dining room...	
Solution: The living room.
Description: David’s father has three sons: Snap, crackle,	?	
Hint: David’s father	
Solution: David.
Description: What goes up but never comes down?	
Hint: Birthday	
Solution: Your age.
Description: What starts with “P” and ends with “E” and has more than 1000 letters?	
Hint: USPS	
Solution: A post office.
Description: What starts with the letter “T”, is filled with “T”, and ends in “T”?	
Hint: nursery rhyme	
Solution: A teapot.
Description: What does a snowman like to eat for breakfast?	
Hint: Cereal	
Solution: Frosted Flakes.
Description: This is needed both for courage and a hardcover book.	
Hint: All humans have one	
Solution: A Spine.
Description: What does no man want, yet no man wants to lose?	
Hint: Provides money	
Solution: His job.
Description: What animal always asks but never answers?	
Hint: A bird	
Solution: An owl.
Description: What kind of nut has no shell?	
Hint: Dunkin ~	
Solution: A Doughnut.
Description: What do you get when you cross a porcupine and a turtle?	
Hint: Pokemon	
Solution: A Slowpoke.
Description: What’s light as a feather, but so heavy that the world’s strongest man cannot lift it?	
Hint: g = 9.80665 m/s^2	
Solution: Gravity
Description: Which is the most Curious letter?	
Hint: Why?	
Solution: Y
Description: What word begins and ends with an E, but only has one letter?	
Hint: Used to enclosed a letter	
Solution: Envelope
Description: What is a gate that you can never get in?	
Hint: Toothpaste	
Solution: Colgate
Description: What do you call a bear without an ear?	
Hint: A letter	
Solution: B
Description: If you are running in a race and you pass the second place person, what place are you in?	
Hint: Number: 47 Name: Ag Mass: 107.8682	
Solution: Second place
Description: I can be made, I can be played. I can be cracked, I can be told. What am I?	
Hint: JK	
Solution: A joke
